it's good night everyone thursday november 7 at 7 pm in brasília
to start on the left and demand today our 31 pound interpreter
today is also the birthday of father ricardo
I have been accompanying your work for a long time to the exceptional person in the struggle
family members of the genius behind the school
congratulations congratulations and thank you very much for what you have done in the past and in
present by the family crying the language of pounds right here the
method to die in that final also in low sea oil audi you deflect
of them the smart goal the fish cells photo past and the use of it
an oil slick in the sea some imagine trip would be killing fish
for 24 hours a day this is not true some die works especially the
who live more on the surface the dolphin has to breathe happen they are fishing
when the ox cannot be suspicious and do not look for a few hours in the capital if the
fish has sixth sense if it has crystal ball extinct to the fate of smell
ascertained or intelligent the deal is as follows it deviates from
spot ok and that even has theses is in the knot which is the american department
11 years old registered but in a relaxed way we talk to the people
sir always speaks to prove a relaxed and irreverent way the staff
caught my foot but I can't face it, the wave so I'm surfing it
gaining over a thousand followers has a lot of people supporting our
work and the important thing is that fishing and aquaculture is in the mouth of the people today with
intelligence or not the fish runs away from the spot that catch everything that is different
I've practiced a lot at home, the husband, the even actor went to the special stab and
today you see that you are different then it said that you run away you the shark in the next
the rest of you run away you are natural but even
now just want to criticize goal patience wants you to do what the staff
there is to have a quick pass here to show that the government is going right
thank god doing very well recovering the confidence of the whole world
have money from abroad arriving in Brazil a lot of people here are recovering jobs
it was all 700 thousand in ten months to almost 90 thousand per month on average taking out the
jobs from brazil and still caught in brazil down there smashing economic
and morally and ethically size and the penna slowly
thank you very much to those in trusting us and taking advantage of that since the week
I don’t know that I wouldn’t sign the São Paulo sheet any more
the contract expires at the end of December as of next year no longer has eight
São Paulo, the presence and vote announced today will also no longer have the
capital letter magazine the contract signed last year for
who subscribes to a magazine in this one only has lies, it is manifest that nilza a certain
intelligence there is often outright lies is a magazine that
unfortunately it is useless and she felt left dizzy so
the government is not interested in this economic measure, also counting the floors is not
chasing the sheet I didn't even notice the capital letter found the news clip
unnecessary let's save money to
contribute to have the motion this month now of October the lowest inflation referring to
this October since 98 so that situation is really going to a
level below that of the target average this is very welcome demonstrates that a
country that is increasingly using the economy so
congratulations to the economic team talking about it I saw a video of May number 1 was
being dawn today nothing the companion made a law making a vagina
I know that someday someone will do something stupid that old company will
disclosing never advocated and if this my action that I always do
not complying people are there at the exit and in the
arrival and dawn so there was a pastor said a prayer
after talking quickly to the press and when I spoke paulo guedes
the economy is 10 when I was going to complete a lightning strike right
right next to us is not really scared but it is worth watching this
this video is because i think raul posto ipiranga
I talked about economics 10 and talking about politics after the note for politics, but no
time was not even hilarious but really that exit that we from
dawn here that metal grid and a hose rainy season is a danger
really all right the news i talked to the ambassador and lesto was yesterday by
Brazil first accompanied the United States on the issue of the embargo
for vats then we are in favor of that one
democracy is not a dictatorship so it has to be treated as such
Brazil is changing its position but the center-right is more focused as I said
last week that my government is more democratic than your knowledge
over the past few years you've come to talk and social control of the media
there is no capital letter left this is all defending the squid in the past
defending today the squid who wanted social control of the media
now it was bad with this magazine, you know, there is no official budget for them anymore
the mamata is over then this beauty has to criticize even has to say a
lot of zucchinis my mirror and even so did not deliver any action as
this magazine the extremely democratic government like our ronaldo right
walking military college of são paulo walking quite publicized some
videos but the work in a marketing field right
for now on paper still basically but doing well if god wants we will have a
good military school from brazil there in the field of mars in são paulo are 13
colleges I think the 13th college the essence here and
a year that has been doing everything for some other state does not have a military college and
of the army we don’t implement it on the other hand
congratulations to a minister opened an advantage in education for his project
of school five military men the example comes from the governments of goiás and
Amazons that have one that has a 10-year week term because more
this school five military and even the sef has a school giving 100% to kids
no matter where there is discipline there will be kia about kids goes away
we now clearly want you to have good grades because it helps our brazil the
future continuing there says something fishing a subject a small subject before
the fear is that 3 ac ap ce time wants to lower the tax on the ration itself to
fish farming because I said capital our psyche culture has all the
potential to grow and the cost brazil knows that it is very high
so one of the proposals we are talking about the fourth dialogue with sectors to
psiculture asks us, right, the culture, the people who grow fish
they ask for an equalization law as well as there are benefits for the
chicken pra e also proposed eu - a reduction of the pis and confines
so we delivered a draft bill from deputy luiz nishimori that is
rewriting and will present it in the chamber to benefit all
rural producers reminding the captain today the apsi culture is also carried out
many family farmers who grow other than fish in their
property was competitive end of the law but it seems to me i took notice
now maybe even paulo war the economy after the ordinance will decrease if
imposed and maybe i'm sure you're welcome to stimulate the mind
who wants to produce fish in Brazil in parallel, right? We are facilitating the
construction of pch brasil small hydroelectric plants where according to
embrapa is the water mirror of more or less 1 hectare produces 10 to 15
tons of tilapia we have money we have cases of is overpopulation of
up to 100 tons per hectare ie the superintensive is really a
technology that requires oxygen are very careful with is diseases but there are is
cultivation and superintensive already active in Brazil
you come back to ppgq bock the question of culture no one more than we want
a culture knew in brazil that healthy make it clear here until she interprets
majority of the population that has to have a government has served the interests of
majority of the population is already in the official union diary
today roberto alvim is secretary of culture for
example and how osmar terra is says that his ministry is a little overwhelmed
he made the request for us we did not pass the culture on to the ministry of
tourism so it will be roberto alone in
in front of culture and above it so I think about it, it's tourism, so good luck
roberto alvim just like he does with all the ministers and
the boys do it with their secretary away following a diet 13 roberto
alone will have carte blanche to make the right people is part of the
culture secretary from now on and good luck god accompany you
curiosity, right, we didn't talk about artificial intelligence
in Brazil a long time ago, when everyone started
develop this subject our dear minister but sources from the ministry of
tech army just opened 8 artificial intelligence lab
so we are concerned with this and we will carry this proposal forward
that only those who have technology can really dream of a better future
for your country another subject here itamaraty a
proposal for a reaction from a regional captain today
exist in almost ten regional fisheries organizations worldwide and the
brazil especially the southern cone for you have an argentine uruguay idea and
Brazil share more than 40 fishing resources, ie fish that stay
migrating and seafood that was migrating between countries however not
we have an agreement to know the statistics to have better studies and
even safeguarding human life
safeguarding human life or even fisheries management then yesterday in
itamaraty is we had a mercosur meeting here with all the members and
we made the presentation of this proposal they will analyze it but it will be approved
by all the members not even the members who have no ocean is have to
vote but Paraguay immediately supported the Uruguayan and Argentine proposal
were to analyze is a country with brazil the huge coast
when when you saw 8,500 of 509 it's boundary knot to link double
17 are close to 17 thousand kilometers 7,500 km of coastline hydrographic basins to
will river speaks Amazon region we will not even
talk about the planet it's almost a we almost don't have a country of water of water here
fish farming has been forgotten in Brazil in the past without a doubt fisheries management
that we pass today Brazil is a country of coast and coast and of disagreements for
its its potential to starve in this country in some people may
train others with the animal okay know about isolation okay but a country
could fix it by investing more by stimulating fish consumption in the
Brazil is astonished if it goes hungry in Brazil if it sees a small power station
hydroelectric plant we will have to have embrapa technology points is 10 to
15 tons imagine how many people can eat
of a water soccer field just because school meals couldn’t
someone to study the possibility - class to consume fish the old man without a doubt
none is even one of the proposals that we send through a letter
for all governors, except for rondônia, which is already
practiced in school meals they use fish is the difficulty
first production captain is then the governments have a little bit of difficulty in
however there is the artisanal fisherman there is a small psicultor producer
close to schools and that can process the fillet is eller and without any problem
of thorn for the kids and what they need is to feed on fish
first one that is a wonderful protein a lean protein and brazil has a
big project a big problem also with obesity so the protein instead
of the kids like frying potatoes how sweet it is you have to eat not
be chubby in the past is a little bit just the chubby chubby yarn
yummy the exogenous area about it
we finished ended I don't have nor now the second page Sunday in the week
last Sunday last that the proof of the enemy without
problems for the mec time the minister mentally embraced and had the wording not
there is a database, you are looking for a theme, right, so we had our participation and 10
of any knowledge but the topic was no longer that controversial topic recalls
language I don’t know whose I don’t know what writing [ __ ] stimulating not even
kids are interested in that subject that leads nowhere I
I hope to come back to the next newsroom, of course, more scientific technical issues, right?
even cultural ones that matter to all of us, not one particularity of
a culture and also certain issues that the press felt were missing
that she says that to dispute an example is the following about issues
that the first time there was no correction on this subject, which belongs to the company that
there is no misinformation and hiring this matter was just a lie so no
there was misinformation in the collections in addition to the last choice about the enemy
another thing is 100% cnpq scholarships and were released
a little bit with the economy coming back to china just enabled 79 new
plants from santa catarina turned largely to the question of the export of
our wonderful swine share importing that the wonderful people was
a serious problem passed the swine flu swine flu for china
marcelo china is when we are now the african pecha right they are
are decimating practically 30% of their pigs and need to buy pigs and
the state of santa catarina is the state of the fish also the state of the pig is has this
potential our state andré has this great potential that is suffering a
part of china’s need so congratulations to santa catarina
we had japan we worked approaching the use according to us as well as opening
space our meat as there is space for home in australia the
south korea is on the same path and we had three countries there is from the arab world
is first it was the united arab emirates qatar and saudi arabia
we have all signed an agreement with inter in a protocol of intention is also
they really want to import what we produce in the field largely until
for your food security this is very good for Brazil is a
country man is smiling happily i'm sure they are more happy with the
government policy if me and our mass
tereza cristina b as ricardo salles on the environmental issue we must inspect
alright but I felt without being in a Shiite way the correction of the Indians they want
more and more to be incorporated into society we are working sense I depend
of me is a book will make the land that a farmer was 10 other land over there
on the side that the Indian is a human being like we already talked a lot about it
if not working hard in that sense the sovereign fund of arabia
Saudi will invest 10 million elderly people in Brazil in the next months I started to
week with my fish is that the attacker neymar the fish is you are not to you da
ask that I have been my fish is what is possible we will invest if more
of 100,000 infrastructure the railway modal has to return to work at
work and before me when all the transport of the do
that takes place in the field also addressing the issue here capital yesterday to do the
united nations food organization turned 40 in brazil had
a solemn audience there in the chamber we had there honoring them so I want
congratulate you to take advantage of the live of the Lord to congratulate fao we have
great partnerships there at the fishing secretariat with consultancy and studies on the
hug and Brazilian culture a hug there for the zavala who is the representative of fao
here in brazil something else was presented before not in
sen proposed pec amendment to the constitution that deals with the pact
federative and these pieces are sponsored by senators is not the
federal government I just joined the team with the other said that paulo
war to better make this pact is not my proposal from the senator but I
I sign below endorsing the proposal is one that caused a great controversy has the
do with the municipalities then in the proposal appeared as
municipalities with less than five thousand inhabitants with income with collection
own less than 10 percent of total revenue will be incorporated by the
another municipality is not it is not quite like that and by seniors here
logically, the congress will improve the proposal of the team senators
economic but let's assume that the municipality has a flavor is the number of
low is not consistent with reality no one has less than that but a
million reais per year the municipality's revenue if the municipality was not
responsible for 10% of that 100 thousand the municipality has to cease to exist
this the intention some are saying that I want me
I want where it is possible to taste I am not that guy who does it like this
is is the thing will continue to exist on the spot
if the parliament agrees with this, it is not in these jaguars those senators who signed the
that will enforce our final proposal of the line, right
but there will be an agreement there after five years in the municipality does not have an income
greater than 10% in the municipality that 90 percent of its revenue comes from the
participation of the municipality for the love of god it is not even possible to pay the councilors
that the municipality does then the idea is not to pursue anyone but if the municipality that
go back to being a capital district where there was a video on this topic and a boy did
a video and showed the savings that would be made is right with extinction of
prefectures secretaries officials if really if this is went on then
The economy for Brazil really is very large and for the citizens themselves and
for Brazil really if the project goes ahead the mayor has and has
perfect favorable to the company gives space to mayor just contrary to
trying to hit me is all the time hit me first
mayor the proposal I sign below but it is the senators now continue
living in this way the municipality produces nothing if
state of the union discourse transfer is complicated on average we want the good
the city has many councilors some already speak to me are also
favorable sometimes the staff that the municipality manages to make its own revenue
it is not possible to pay the legislative power, much less the executive of the
municipality participation of nery keys already existed have a problem and help
curiosity is like the municipality of brazil
I will not speak because it is 160 thousand square kilometers
he is from rio de janeiro there are 14 43 to 44 rio de janeiro that is worth the
also american county passed here if i went wrong here please someone is
being used here in santa catarina 95 thousand square kilometers
I know that the double 95 of the 190 thousand is almost equivalent to the almost two Santa Catarina
gives a gift high same curiosity just is very difficult some 100 thousand inhabitants
okay that touch the boat and speak in tokai the boat captain present from your
back already got it clear the pope knew there is a motorcycle that they will ride
boat on the lake then the is so good right I didn't see the reporter there I came here to
damn it was really cool to say that this is
so the sheet of são paulo talking on the phone captain present of the association
of fishermen and shellfish gatherers from valença in bahia look what a present
beautiful that you won in honor of our artisanal fisherman and was the
george of the hour that was there in our office and the canoe the channel the homeland
loved in your honor my many thanks to cane canoe
we are receiving a very happy gift with this one will stay here in
exhibition here and when I leave I will not take home a personal touch and
of the painting they say, you know, he said he had a girlfriend when
a million reais you go around here at dawn all right let's play the
the boat touches the boat however it died here it’s running out because in a little while there’s a
game of botafogo the stove is not only the flamengo of piauí in adapting our
flamengo is big in piauí the palm trees have to run after
the stove is going to play for real today let's do the following script of piauí
culture respecting the piauí they used to give me a teaspoon but
when the flamengo from the river the flamengo of course the stove will start breaking today
for that it seems to me that it has been ten years that the Flemish does not win the botafogo at home
today we're going to break that paradigm into something else I want to place a bet
with you if the Flemish does not win the Brazilian
this year ok i dye my hair green in
tribute to the palm trees ok i'm rooting for the flamenco in liberadores
I'm even thinking about going to the turkey who would say the thigh and the sock comes takes the
game will be more in chile who knows it will not be the future will speak
that I have an air force plane is what if there was an album already marked anima
everything is not marked but cheering for the tv even if i left the top of the
guaratinguetá is like a straight line its são paulo brazil a retraction of appears a
door of a botafogo game in that the problem of botafogo 1 to 0 and we will see the
that happens in rio de janeiro and the problem capital is the following just for
finalize the subject of football our flamenco friends the nation
asks if the palmeirense started traveling to the whole world delivers the shirt of the
Flemish for world leaders the moment there who was paying a visit
to that country is the Flemish is the best team of the moment of the moment in a good moment
moment and I'm sure everyone is rooting for the Flemish at the end
here with the argentine team at the end of the month now so the intention was this
promoting Flemish yes Flemish is that it really looks like it will not be just the
cheirinho will be the champion of liberadores and the Brazilian will also
well that felipe melo said that it will not belong to the prisoner it cannot be only from the prisoner
liberators only depend on us the eighth game will end in a little while
person who lives in a pension to see a flamenco game in the best game in the
botafogo flemish and congratulations to the federal highway police 66 66% more and
seizure of drugs on highways and 10 last week helps them to decrease the
violence in brazil so congratulations to 1 the director-general of the professional who is the
salty is the salty feef congratulations to him
and I hope if I have the opportunity to graduate in December in Santa
tomorrow morning i will be at the graduation of 500 federal police officers
delegated agents and the papiloscopist cost between use and the afternoon
I’m going to goiânia I’m going to accompany Major Vitor Hugo, who is
our biggest was special here federal deputy here in brasília the
government leader in the chamber is I have a meeting before the conrad the governors
wonderful state that is goiás then I go there in the bus delivery
passed by the side committee the major vitor hugo passing back to enter
Brasilia capital today also, besides your birthday, Father Cano is from
general villas-boas is a man who has already left the reserved space in the history of
national hero is had his participation in the back here guaranteed the law order by
the occasion of the impeachment vote in 2016
congratulations lagoons padre paulo at home already good villas is a
health problem we know that for God everything is
possible to bury the mother asks God whenever she performs a miracle in the newspaper
reported a man that today his birthday was voiceless
But he doesn't complain about anything. It's always been days. I spoke to him next.
its 69 years works if god wants the Flemish is finished taxing the sun
this wave seems to be catching is this decision to leave defined by aneel
national electric energy agency since 2015
the agencies are independent but even so it is
they talk to the government through the ministry of mines and energy which is a
great blessing working for this taxation right
at first it ceased to exist is what they claim that whoever beat up solar
photovoltaic plates to generate energy for society it can sell
energy when it sells energy this surplus energy enters the current ribbon
in the physical transmission medium and has to pay for the maintenance of two months which
it's happening depend on me just because it's saving energy not
worked in 2001 but that's okay
the proposal is a solar energy your property
boot will cost zero okay if you want to sell
then when it comes to selling, you do something to sell you will have to deliver a place
then it may be that we stay, it may be that we identify daniel's proposal
we really hope that it will be carried out successfully that we have to have this
energy that alternative solar energy source that everyone can have
anywhere i've been i've been to japan i've been to korea
from the south especially two years ago with lorenzoni onyx my three children who were
in the pre campaign we will not even see that those people have a school I saw that the school
had the energy had already given photovoltaic plates and the intention basically to
show kids this possibility to put on his head you have to look for this
source of energy because that country in particular and has few other sources of
energy like solar is one to be present now nobody has more in the
Brazil than that the country here is a part of it at the starting equator
the next one helps a lot in this monthly energy source we have hydraulic
we have the wind power states like ceará for example is quite advanced in
power generation we have biomass and we have the most terrible
of all is that this is that of oil are until tomorrow is that you can see a
indigenous problems we are looking for a way to start building in the current
year the lion and tucuruí to the lion that goes from manaus to life because we
we will pay this year more than 1 billion reais everyone will pay for that
that energy arrives in roraima or is produced in this way the closure of the
play the federal highway police for the sake of
pf to win buhr a project that was born there with its crying is facilitating
once drug trafficking organized crime has been learned well and the two can
quickly and be used to fight drug trafficking we don't have an example here
but todd jackson and that i agreed to hit the nail on the wall
we put his picture on ac on facebook it gave almost half a million short
half a million Portuguese people in almost half a billion likes are about to
winning the game for the sake of our daughter the highway police is federal are going to
form now in December and all 1,200 almost 1,200
santa catarina had an entourage or reasonably large that in the palace
yesterday today my name is a little bit asking for
more people are among the federal highway police already with the past
what I told you I can't do miracles lets this contest end the
next year and talk to salgado here the general manager talks to the
sérgio moura talks with paulo guedes if there is a need and if there are means
we here on my part nothing against bringing more prf more federal police
it is for the police itself, it is for us to work better than the pf it does
exceptional work in the fight against crime and seizure of
drugs among other things but it is something that capital
we are finishing a mp for your signing to contemplate our
fishermen and fisherwomen who are being affected by this great accident
in our northeast the previous measure that would be the release
closed insurance had a problem that is not inclusive it would not include
example the shellfish gatherers the mangrove crab shrimp scavengers and
also and would decree the end of fishing even in Pará
by the current law so we had to build agriculture ministry with
the ministry of citizenship we are building a mp or accelerating
sued to sign when I spoke to you, I was only traveling when I
I spoke to you that our fisherman was the law that exists does not meet then
we are creating an interim measure fishermen in the northeast we love you
have family in the northeast i lived in the northeast in bahia there are cousins ​​there
and we are working for you we know the need you are accelerating
I will only be opening in 20 hours botafogo celso flamengo stove from piauí
(Laughter) thanks to the family in a little while
match